CAMTEAM-72 I can read docs about how to build qa images in the alpha release guide (#31)
camunda/camunda-bpm-dev-docs: releases/Performing-an-Alpha-Release.md

# Test Release

For each container (including Spring Boot & Run) one developer should perform a test. Download the release artifacts from http://stage.docs.camunda.org/enterprise/download/

## Preparations

* Build & push the QA docker images
  1. Make sure you have Docker installed on your machine
  2. Clone https://github.com/camunda/camunda-bpm-platform-ee
  3. Checkout the tag of the release version (e. g. 7.13.0-alpha2)\
     **Heads-up:** Having `master` checked out leads to building the latest snapshot

>   4. Open the folder `qa/docker` in the terminal

Reviewer: Maybe we can say:
```suggestion
  4. Navigate to the folder `qa/docker` in the terminal
```
`Open` is more for a GUI File Manager expression.

  5. Run `mvn clean install`
  6. When the command has been successfully completed, check if the images are available (login with your ldap credentials):
     * https://registry.camunda.com/ui/?repository=weblogic12r1
     * https://registry.camunda.com/ui/?repository=weblogic12r2
     * https://registry.camunda.com/ui/?repository=websphere9

>   7. Promote the version of the portainer templates. \

Reviewer: It's clear if you look at the example commit, but maybe we can point to the portainer-templates repository explicitly.
```suggestion
  7. Promote the version of the Docker image in the [portainer templates repository](https://github.com/camunda-ci/portainer-templates). \
```
